Add new telemetry feature (#5757)
pingcap/docs: telemetry.md

- A randomly generated telemetry ID.
- Deployment characteristics, such as the size of hardware (CPU, memory, disk), TiDB components versions, OS name.

> - (Since v5.0.2) The query request status of the system, such as the number of query requests, duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The status of query requests in the system, such as the number of query requests and the duration.
```
